Ashley Swanson, Jillian MacGregor, Jonah Spicher
Software Design
Spring 2018

##Architectural Review Reflection

**Feedback and Decisions:**

    During the course of our architectural review, we posed the following
    questions to our peers in order to gain feedback on certain portions of our
    project:

    - Is SciKit our best bet for making a neural network, or is that simple enough
that we can do it more easily ourselves? Or would some other module/library be
better?
    - Do you know of any good modules or libraries we could use to make a GUI?

Based off of the responses we received, we have decided that applying
Tensorflow to our project might be the best decision at the moment in terms of
the neural network. While this is different from what we have learned in class,
we recognize that it could be a powerful tool in creating a better version of
what we would like our end product to be, and if we decide that Tensorflow is
too complex, we have the scikit library to fall back on. Either way, we will be
learning different implementations of neural networks through Python, and it
provides a good learning experience.

In addition to this, based off of our first question, we have decided that
Flask as a web app framework is the best direction to take our next steps.
While Bokeh seems like a good resource for our goal of creating a map for
selecting where the accent came from, we also recognize that it could be
limiting and overscoped as an MVP, and therefore have decided on Flask.

**Review Process Reflection:**

We felt that the Architectural Review was very informative. It dissuaded us
from attempting to create our own neural network for the audio processing to
keep the project more in scope. It also gave us some jumping off points for
what to use in terms of machine learning modules and GUIs, which has greatly
informed our research since. The context we provided seemed appropriate, as we
did not spend the entire time going into unnecessary detail, but  the audience
had a good idea of what we were talking about. We also got through each of the
questions that we were hoping to ask with an intro of context and overview, so
our agenda was fulfilled pretty well. For next time, our group could prepare
more coherent questions and a slightly better presentation. But, overall, we
feel that we got valuable feedback to guide us in our next steps.
